To export selected features, the
first thing you need to do is
run the required selection on
your data.
In this video, we'll go over how
to export features selected by
location.
For Ziama we will run a
selection like we did previously
in this course.
So we can go into the map tab
and in the selection section we
can choose or click on the
select by location tool which
will bring up this window.
Your input features are your
sighting points and for the
relationship we want the same
relationship as we had before so
that's within and our selecting
feature we want to be Ziama
protected area so it's the
points within Ziama.
And selection type, we want a
new selection and we can hit
apply and OK and now we can
export these selected features.
So we will right click on our
sighting points and we will go
down to hover over where it says
data and click Export features
which will bring up this window.
So our input feature are our
points and we've got this blue
text that shows us that this has
the selection on it.
So now we need to choose where
to save it to.
So we will click on the folder
icon here and we're going to
save it into our Hippogriff
Project Geodatabase and we will
name it Ziama Sightings and hit
save.
And now we can click OK and in
our contents we can see that we
have this layer in it.
So if we turn off the other
sighting points layer, we can
see that our exported layer now
is just the points within Ziama
protected area.
So that's how to select export
selected features in Arc GIS
Pro.
So let's hit save on our project
and now have a go at doing the
same for Wonegizi Protected Area
and Wologizi Protected Area.